hey cookaholics chef kendra here today
we're making one of America's favorite
Chinese food dishes we're making orange
chicken so let's do what we do head to
the kitchen and make it happen
okay we're going to grab one of our
juicers this one is electric but I use
this one I'm juicing a lot of things but
I'm going to set up a little bar they
need a lot of lime juice or lemon juice
we're just in use this one we have a big
old fat orange right here he's going bad
I'm gonna help it out you want to wash
your orange before you zest it because
there's a lot of waxy buildup and you
really don't want that and what we're
going to do is use this microplane to
zest this and what this is going to do
is going to take off just enough of the
pill to retain all its oil but not get
the white part which is extremely bitter
chef kendra learn to that all right now
we're just gonna use our fingers and get
this into our bowl so you're just going
to take this thing and juice our orange
very simple to do there is a version of
orange chicken in China many several
versions but this version is very
American it's one of those things you
know that comes over and gets changed
around it gets Americanized for the
American palate and I gotta say though I
have a special place in my heart for
orange chicken the next thing we're
going to do is that this cornstarch to a
little water
kind of mix this into a smooth paste
we're going to turn this pot on low
we're adding water sugar got freshing
orange juice white vinegar little oil
get cornstarch ketchup
chop garlic and onion powder honey
the last thing we're after this is the
zest that goes in now Melissa this up a
little bit we're going to do here is
we're going to whisk this really well of
course and then we're going to slowly
let it get a little thick that
cornstarch and make it thick and it's
going to be delicious
you might not I don't know but there's a
chance cookaholics that you will never
go to Panda Express for this again I
mean there is a chance that can go down
so you've been warned we have some
chicken thighs that we cut into 1-inch
pieces you can definitely use chicken
breasts or chicken is basically what's
traditionally made in this country with
chicken breasts and it's very good that
way it doesn't really matter I had guys
on hand so that's what I use you can
check out my orange chicken wing recipe
if you hit that link below and if you
need the recipe to this orange chicken
Panda Express style recipe that will be
a chef Kendra's easy cutting calm got a
egg in this bone was whisking it up now
we're going to add some flour
cornstarch baking powder salt and water
you know whisk this up and this is going
to be our batter to cook our chicken in
and as always you're looking for
basically a pancake batter consistency
what's your favorite type of cuisine I
mean well I like all kinds of food I
think that every culture has delicious
food every single one of you can find
something that's good my favorites of
course are American
we'll start there I like Vietnamese I
like Indian food I like Mexican food I
like Chinese food
so all we need to do here now I'm gonna
put the chicken in the batter I'm just
going to mix the chicken into the batter
all right now we're ready to fry this
stuff up son
okay we have a high-sided pan here and
we're going to add some oil to that not
much maybe a tablespoon and a half two
tablespoon something like that and I'm
just gonna swish it around a little bit
we're going to get this hot and put this
under medium heat so we got them in here
and we just basically start frying them
up a little bit
and we're going to cook them to their
crispy until they're done I could have
deep-fried this but I decided not to if
you are a deep fryer to go ahead I'm
putting all the chicken back in here
okay now we have the sauce and we're
just going to mix it all around and let
the heat from the pan that's still in
the pan and from the last bit of chicken
we cook heat up our sauce what's up guys
and plate it and we're going to eat it
okay guys you want to check out my last
video you can do so right over there
share my video now let's taste this
stuff it has that burst of freshness
from that thorns we use these dive fresh
orange juice which really makes a big
difference
this is delicious oh my gosh I'm gonna
go eat some more but if you haven't
already subscribe
chef Kendra is out peace